Update/cleanup in Readme (#4371)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust: README.md

| TeamCity     | [![TeamCity Build Status][teamcity-build-status-svg]][teamcity-build-status] |

## Installation & Usage

Available installation options and features are described on [intellij-rust.github.io]. All new features are announced in 
the [changelog](https://intellij-rust.github.io/thisweek/).

If you want to jump straight in, open `Settings > Plugins > Marketplace` in your IDE,

> search for _Rust_ and install the plugin. To open a project, use **File | Open** and point to the directory containing `Cargo.toml`. For creating projects, use the **Rust** template. You can find more details in the [Quick Start Guide](https://intellij-rust.github.io/docs/quick-start.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
search for _Rust_ and install the plugin. To open an existing project, use **File | Open** and point to the directory containing `Cargo.toml`. For creating projects, use the **Rust** template. You can find more details in the [Quick Start Guide](https://intellij-rust.github.io/docs/quick-start.html). 
```

Unstable master branch builds can be downloaded from [TeamCity].

## Compatible IDEs

The plugin is compatible with all IntelliJ-based IDEs starting from the version 2019.1. 
The feature set is similar except for the debugger which is available only in [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/).

## TOML

If you are looking for the TOML plugin, see [intellij-toml] directory.

## Contributing

You're encouraged to contribute to the plugin if you've found any
issues or missing functionality that you would want to see. Check out
[CONTRIBUTING.md] to learn how to set up the project and [ARCHITECTURE.md] to

> understand the high-level structure of the codebase. Commonly encountered problems are tagged

Reviewer: It seems `Commonly encountered problems` is not suitable here. We definitely mark some easy issues with `help wanted` label but they can be about a small feature/some improvement/bug in some corner case/etc.
